
As per our understanding, the following points are given

1. The architecture of G-SATE application is like given below,

	Front-End [Angular - G-SATE]	+	Back-End [Node Express JS - G-SATE + Django AI - VISTA]		+	MySQL DB

2. After refering the video links of TrainingSet.AI, we infer the following understandings,

		A. Gets images from the internet using GET IMAGES FROM THE INTERNET button in the annotation creation screen or using AWS S3 storage
		B. Roles and responsibilities in TrainingSet.AI,
			-> Client -	The person who creates the "Annotation Tasks" and uploads the images and corresponding labels for them to be identified and assign them to the 							"Annotator".
					Ex: Upload the image of street traffic with labels such as traffic lights, cars, bikes, cycles, pedestrians, etc., to be annotated in them.
			-> Annotator -	The person who views the Annotation Tasks and annotate the objects in the image uploaded by the client.
					Ex: Annotate the objects with the user defined labels such as cars, bikes, etc., using shapes such as square, rectangle, polygon, etc.

			-> QA -		The person who is responsible to view the Annotation Tasks with the identified objects and can perform Accept or Reject action on the task.
					Ex: Task can be accepted if all the objects are annotated correctly or can reject if missing or incorrect annotations.


3. Queries from mail conversation subjected as "Graymatics - TrainingSet.AI integration",

	>> We did have developed an annotation platform but it might not be as robust as TrainingSet.ai
	Is the developed annotation platform by GrayMatics is refering to VISTA server?

	>> While we could use their platform, we may need to expand the capabilities to include the various additional entities
	As of now, is the G-SATE application uses the TrainingSet.AI platform for object annotation of the images?

	>> Build on our platform internally to bring in the pertinent features from TrainingSet.AI
	Is "our platform" refering to the VISTA server and is it extending direct features from TrainingSet.AI?

	>> Towards this, we can also bring in an outsourced front-end s/w services company that could develop this with our guidance
	Is the term, "front-end s/w services" refering to the application G-SATE?